I did this course months back & came here to share what you guys need to do after this course

Firstly thanks to Angela, who taught everything so well. This is the best online bootcamp to get started with Web Development. But there were some things which were missed.

1. After the bootcamp, knowing about React Class Components along with Functional Components is very crucial. But class components were not taught in a depth ;)

2. Try to learn more about (built-in React=https://react.dev/reference/react) hooks which were not covered in the bootcamp.

3. State management with Redux or Context API is must to know (for making big projects).

4. Form a grip over React Axios which is used for handling API requests.

5. Should learn about React routing for react application like we used Express in normal projects.

6. The next step will be to make one simple static project on your own with React Class or functional Components as per need without using any databases like MongoDB to have better understanding and check what you have learnt.

7. As in this module she made us make a TODO Application with Mongo and Express, EJS. Try making a project with all React, Exress, MongoDB (MERN Project). It has a complete different folder structure as of simple React Application.

8. Focus on making another project which has client & server folders made differently like Mongo and express for server. And React, React Router, Axios for client.

9. After doing the React part, pat your back, give your friends a high-five and start applying for React or Web development internships for one or two months.

10. If you think you feel confident now in React, and want to learn further. you can learn about (Socket.io=https://socket.io/), WebRTC for making projects like Real Time Chat Application/ Video Application and putting these projects in your portfolio.

11. Start looking to contribute in open source and try participating in open source programs. You will become confident and proud of yourself.

So one common mistake to prevent is to fall in the tutorial hell loop.

Don't try to fall in this loop of learning without implementing, the correct procedure which to follow should be to learn a technology, make a project, git it, deploy it, share it with your friends-family anyone you want and add to your portfolio. This will surely keep your interest in development and help you keep moving, learning further!

NOTE: The above things mentioned are from a learning point of view only. Getting hired as a Front End Engineer / Full Stack Developer requires different preparation. From interviews perspective learning JavaScript & Data Structures - Algorithms should be on top priority.

Some good interview resources has been added below in the comments, feel free to check them out.

Upvote this question, if it helped you. Thanks! :)

